How I Narrowed My Scope:
Originally, I had tacked on my VR scene on the end of my project.  When you managed to exit the house, the game would transition from a Visual 
Novel setup to a VR one.  There, you would encounter a group of 3-4 zombies.  You would then need to fight these zombies, and kill them 
all without being killed yourself.  After all the zombies were dead, you would transition back into VR mode, go through some dialouge, and then 
the end credits would play, ending the game. 
However, after some deliberating with myself, I decided that I would change the VR scene to happen with the fight with Thomas instead.  Before
you leave the house, you encounter your 'dad' Thomas, who is in the process of turning into a "zombie".  You have to fight him in order to 
get the keys that access your 'sister's' room, since you can't escape the house without saving her.  I had planned to have this fight be a 
quick-time event, but I figured it would work well enough in VR.
I decided to change the placement of the VR element for two reasons. One being that, while I did encorperate what was originally a tacked 
on element into my story, I found that it was more work for me in the end to make this scene.  I'd have to create more assets, more animations,
and be more worried about the gameplay factors (if it was fun, fair, visually interesting, ect.)  It was a lot of work for one school project,
and since there was a lot else to do, having less scenes to worry about would be a relief.
The second reason I moved it to Thomas's scene was that it would be a lot more psychologically stimulating.  You essentially have to beat 
your own father to death with his own baseball bat, in order to save yourself and your sister.  Having a quicktime event for this sort of 
scenario would allow for a stressful situation, but being able to physically 'swing' the bat yourself would allow for a different perspective.
I think the horror of it all would be able to set in more.



How VR Adds To The User's Experience:
VR allows the player to stand in the shoes of the protagonist, Claire, and swing the bat using her hands.  They are essentially acting on her 
behaf, doing what must be done, no matter how brutal.  Some may find it fun to be more physically immersed.  I have no doubt that, if I had
gone on with creating the group of zombies, more people would have enjoyed it.  More zombies = more things to beat up, and being able to 
physically do that is akin to being there in reality.  And even with a lack of zombies, using your own arms and hand movements to kill Thomas 
adds another level onto his death.  Clicking a few computer keys or a mouse isn't quite as immersive.  


